docs: new process for translate page (#1805)
expressjs/expressjs.com: README.md

   Then, load <http://localhost:4000> in your browser.

## License

> Content submitted to [expressjs.com](expressjs.com) is Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 licensed, as found in the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file.

Author: ```suggestion
Content submitted to [expressjs.com](expressjs.com) is Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International licensed, as found in the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file.
```
